student   0   Barry
student   1   Antil
mark   1   DAPA   64
mark   2   IAML   72
mark   2   CCN   82
mark   1   AR   82
mark   2   COC   49
mark   1   SLIP   40
mark   1   BIO2   71
student   2   Josh
student   3   Andry
mark   3   TTS   97
mark   1   EXC   43
mark   2   IJP   89
mark   3   ES   98
mark   1   AV   57
student   4   Antle
student   5   Dasia
student   6   Ambrose
student   7   Michael
student   8   Sebastian
student   9   Acock
mark   0   COPT   100
mark   0   ADS   46
student   10   Annand
student   11   Arkell
student   12   Ackerman
student   13   Ackley
mark   13   AGTA   65
student   14   Angleton
student   15   Allerton
mark   9   IRP   77
student   16   Ackland
student   17   Finley
mark   2   AR   84
mark   9   DMR   42
student   18   Airington
mark   13   IRP   77
mark   18   ABS   60
mark   4   TTS   51
mark   4   IAML   77
student   19   Juliet
mark   13   PPLS   80
mark   5   DISS   64
student   20   Alltop
student   21   Danna
mark   14   AR   82
mark   4   INF1-CG   93
student   22   Aborn
student   23   Anslow
mark   14   BIO2   92
mark   14   RTN   72
student   24   Kaitlyn
student   25   Arkell
student   26   Mason
student   27   Applewhite
student   28   Harvey
student   29   Adderly
mark   6   EXC   84
mark   21   PM   79
mark   17   ES   96
student   30   Darlene
mark   8   TDD   99
student   31   Allred
student   32   Ager
mark   31   RTN   47
student   33   Benjamin
mark   1   TDD   67
student   34   Alley
mark   10   ABS   52
mark   34   DAPA   73
student   35   Ailey
mark   29   ES   97
mark   14   HCI   52
mark   3   DISS   54
student   36   Allie
mark   35   IRP   58
student   37   Acre
student   38   Angevine
student   39   Angel
mark   14   TDD   58
student   40   Jay
student   41   Andrew
student   42   Ament
mark   17   AGTA   88
mark   13   ADBS   63
mark   10   DISS   97
mark   27   TTS   52
student   43   Archey
student   44   Allford
student   45   Blake
mark   41   ASR   83
student   46   Ancell
student   47   Kailey
student   48   Addy
student   49   Angleton
student   50   Bevis
student   51   Kalyn
student   52   Amory
mark   36   PPLS   76
student   53   Bartholomew
mark   2   ASR   61
student   54   Allanson
student   55   Oscar
student   56   Alman
student   57   Anable
student   58   Anthony
mark   19   INF2D   54
mark   44   ANLP   73
student   59   Alders
student   60   Delilah
mark   35   TDD   82
student   61   Allums
student   62   Ady
mark   33   IAML   82
student   63   Alcock
student   64   Corinne
mark   44   BIO2   88
mark   58   DISS   82
mark   32   INF2D   96
mark   18   TTS   69
mark   44   IAML   87
mark   9   AGTA   97
mark   63   BIO2   100
student   65   Angevine
mark   28   IRP   66
mark   30   ASR   78
mark   23   COPT   87
mark   53   DISS   52
student   66   Alloway
mark   60   CCN   78
student   67   Kyle
student   68   Deasia
mark   6   TTS   91
student   69   Ale
mark   24   BIO2   54
mark   23   PM   40
mark   59   TTS   49
student   70   Arch
mark   65   BIO2   76
mark   35   PM   62
student   71   Annable
student   72   Arling
student   73   Spencer
student   74   Allgood
student   75   Alison
mark   68   AGTA   65
student   76   Finley
student   77   Adkins
student   78   Allford
student   79   Jude
student   80   Abram
student   81   Archdeacon
mark   38   DAPA   62
mark   50   EXC   68
mark   7   COC   77
student   82   Agar
mark   30   COC   85
mark   2   BIO1   92
student   83   Anchors
mark   72   INF1-CG   70
mark   9   BIO1   49
mark   69   SLIP   64
mark   71   ADS   41
mark   77   NIP   88
student   84   Alred
student   85   Kaleigh
mark   7   DAPA   90
mark   8   CCN   86
student   86   Arling
mark   51   TTS   67
mark   24   ASR   96
student   87   Albany
mark   59   IJP   54
mark   85   BIO1   54
mark   12   IAML   74
student   88   Addington
mark   29   HCI   79
mark   6   DISS   76
student   89   Apling
mark   87   ABS   42
mark   56   ES   66
student   90   Cristal
student   91   Oliver
mark   26   COC   55
student   92   Apley
mark   82   COC   65
student   93   Ackers
student   94   Argent
student   95   Anable
student   96   Ann
student   97   Alban
mark   72   CT   41
mark   84   NIP   50
mark   65   DAPA   95
mark   51   IJP   87
mark   89   TTS   54
mark   51   NIP   54
mark   55   ABS   67
mark   8   INF2D   57
student   98   Ansted
mark   18   IAML   90
student   99   Claudia
mark   8   ADS   60
student   100   Acy
student   101   Ake
mark   52   PPLS   53
mark   23   ASR   73
student   102   Amison
mark   37   RTN   98
mark   16   IRP   85
student   103   Oliver
student   104   Akerley
student   105   Agar
student   106   Kamryn
mark   27   ES   95
mark   26   ADBS   61
student   107   Leo
mark   64   ABS   59
student   108   Adrian
student   109   Darby
student   110   Annand
student   111   Kacie
mark   74   ADBS   76
student   112   Ailey
mark   20   INF2D   68
student   113   Alton
mark   65   ES   58
student   114   Finlay
mark   9   ADS   70
student   115   Abram
mark   75   EXC   61
mark   108   IJP   40
mark   30   PPLS   91
student   116   Leon
student   117   Aldredge
mark   108   ABS   41
student   118   Crystal
student   119   Abbitt
mark   64   RTN   96
mark   31   ADS   72
student   120   Agard
mark   94   ASR   68
student   121   Sebastian
student   122   Kieran
mark   77   DAPA   68
mark   0   COC   74
mark   115   AR   46
student   123   Cristal
mark   51   ES   89
student   124   Kalyn
student   125   Logan
student   126   Anchors
student   127   Allin
mark   61   TDD   92
student   128   Mason
mark   68   ANLP   54
student   129   Alfrey
mark   110   TDD   69
mark   18   ADBS   60
student   130   Allred
mark   108   HCI   40
mark   58   INF1-CG   86
student   131   Angers
student   132   Colleen
mark   66   ADS   89
mark   55   DISS   44
student   133   Aldis
student   134   Alwood
student   135   Leo
student   136   Akin
student   137   Allmand
student   138   Allis
mark   34   DISS   100
student   139   Anson
student   140   Ansley
student   141   Alban
mark   93   BIO1   94
student   142   Akey
student   143   Algood
mark   64   BIO1   89
student   144   Alward
mark   17   INF1-CG   74
mark   99   ABS   92
student   145   Angleton
mark   98   TDD   51
student   146   Bowen
student   147   Michael
mark   63   TDD   76
mark   82   CT   44
mark   49   BIO2   97
student   148   Kaelyn
student   149   Alvey
mark   65   SLIP   95
student   150   Alman
mark   37   PPLS   68
student   151   Abbey
mark   55   COPT   74
student   152   Basil
mark   59   CT   70
mark   39   COPT   40
mark   119   ANLP   82
student   153   Adley
student   154   Acre
mark   76   TTS   43
student   155   Finlay
mark   66   CCN   50
mark   0   PM   89
mark   88   AR   98
student   156   Ann
mark   73   TTS   63
mark   92   AR   61
student   157   Ailstock
mark   25   ASR   92
mark   79   CCN   63
student   158   Allee
student   159   Alway
mark   92   DISS   45
mark   145   PPLS   54
student   160   Alvis
mark   59   INF1-CG   53
mark   102   HCI   51
mark   39   DAPA   96
student   161   Kaley
student   162   Allyn
student   163   Arch
student   164   Arber
mark   158   DISS   92
mark   9   AV   86
mark   54   IAML   71
mark   15   CCN   64
mark   18   SLIP   96
student   165   Alls
mark   43   NIP   61
mark   62   IRR   77
student   166   Cora
mark   153   TTS   41
mark   152   ADBS   84
mark   151   BIO2   87
student   167   Ailes
mark   146   AR   53
student   168   Alday
mark   25   ANLP   67
mark   112   IRP   95
mark   106   DAPA   80
mark   103   DMR   68
mark   35   HCI   51
mark   43   PM   53
student   169   Alley
mark   16   INF2D   81
student   170   Darlene
student   171   Amerson
mark   126   ADS   83
mark   22   DAPA   53
mark   90   PPLS   82
student   172   Aborn
mark   83   DAPA   50
mark   171   COC   79
mark   110   EXC   74
student   173   Aley
mark   32   INF1-CG   76
mark   23   HCI   42
student   174   William
mark   105   ASR   70
student   175   Ace
mark   87   TTS   58
student   176   Argent
student   177   Alcock
student   178   Ailey
mark   153   CCN   60
mark   4   CT   54
mark   141   IJP   63
mark   106   DMR   87
student   179   Baron
student   180   Alvord
student   181   James
student   182   Akes
mark   183   AV   44
student   183   Harry
student   184   Allred
student   185   Alvord
student   186   Angel
student   187   Appleton
student   188   Alvis
mark   41   ES   72
mark   94   SLIP   90
mark   25   IJP   73
student   189   Aney
mark   72   RTN   64
student   190   Patrick
student   191   Danna
mark   156   AV   74
student   192   Adkinson
mark   113   HCI   86
student   193   Ammon
mark   5   DMR   50
student   194   Harry
student   195   Allington
student   196   Benedict
mark   6   ASR   84
student   197   Dayana
student   198   Alday
mark   173   ABS   99
mark   161   ADS   63
student   199   Allred
mark   113   TDD   73
mark   70   IRP   50
student   200   Amason
student   201   Adley
mark   121   BIO2   54
student   202   Finley
mark   159   ABS   52
student   203   Acomb
student   204   Bernard
student   205   Anness
mark   191   DISS   64
mark   181   PPLS   42
mark   17   EXC   51
mark   170   COC   83
mark   171   ES   51
student   206   Dalia
student   207   Allsop
mark   96   NIP   65
student   208   Alvin
student   209   Adcock
mark   182   CT   53
student   210   Allums
mark   57   BIO1   66
mark   47   ANLP   90
mark   123   IRP   91
mark   29   TDD   53
student   211   Braden
mark   140   ANLP   78
student   212   Andrew
mark   57   COC   56
mark   7   IRP   81
mark   79   DAPA   94
student   213   Allinson
mark   1   IRR   56
student   214   Joel
student   215   Cristina
mark   97   DAPA   62
student   216   Alders
student   217   Kaia
mark   138   EXC   82
mark   200   IRR   55
student   218   Adrian
mark   124   AV   97
mark   5   SLIP   64
mark   71   PM   50
mark   19   IAML   89
mark   24   CT   92
student   219   Dayana
student   220   Kallie
student   221   John
mark   59   COC   93
student   222   Anctil
mark   26   PPLS   55
student   223   Bowen
student   224   Judith
student   225   Ailstock
mark   56   ADS   99
student   226   Annas
mark   50   TDD   92
student   227   Able
mark   193   EXC   91
student   228   Anable
student   229   Kali
student   230   Acklin
student   231   Acomb
student   232   Abby
student   233   Kaitlin
mark   213   HCI   85
mark   105   ABS   94
student   234   Ace
mark   128   ANLP   81
mark   138   RTN   48
student   235   Benjamin
student   236   Age
mark   201   AR   41
mark   48   BIO1   78
student   237   Antill
student   238   Delaney
student   239   Ament
mark   190   COC   55
student   240   Abrahams
mark   196   INF1-CG   74
mark   58   IJP   87
student   241   Daisy
mark   242   CCN   80
mark   172   BIO1   50
mark   55   PM   64
mark   241   ADS   61
mark   113   ADS   62
student   242   Kallie
student   243   George
student   244   Ally
mark   216   AR   68
mark   110   BIO1   40
mark   58   ANLP   61
mark   167   AV   61
student   245   Dana
mark   243   IRP   56
student   246   James
student   247   Alsbrook
mark   213   IRP   91
student   248   Alfred
mark   200   ASR   68
mark   53   ANLP   72
mark   232   RTN   100
mark   70   IAML   97
mark   232   DISS   54
mark   103   ES   77
mark   56   TDD   80
mark   169   BIO1   81
student   249   Colleen
mark   15   ANLP   71
student   250   Alsobrook
mark   51   DAPA   55
mark   201   BIO2   47
student   251   Adrian
mark   169   INF1-CG   75
student   252   Alfrey
mark   178   HCI   51
mark   234   INF1-CG   100
student   253   Alton
student   254   Julianna
student   255   Adkins
mark   195   CT   61
student   256   Annas
student   257   Kieran
mark   23   BIO1   86
mark   188   IRP   87
mark   19   BIO2   63
student   258   Agate
mark   182   ASR   95
student   259   Appleyard
student   260   Angleton
mark   29   BIO1   42
student   261   Delilah
mark   152   CT   78
student   262   Ake
mark   30   EXC   57
student   263   Brandan
student   264   Alderman
student   265   Kallie
student   266   Joshua
student   267   Julianna
student   268   Acton
mark   121   IJP   68
mark   136   ADS   83
mark   248   HCI   80
student   269   Arledge
student   270   Acre
student   271   Allton
student   272   Anable
mark   161   TTS   87
mark   3   RTN   53
mark   268   NIP   67
mark   12   AR   58
mark   211   IRP   40
student   273   Delilah
mark   92   AV   50
mark   266   ABS   58
mark   211   ES   89
student   274   Dominic
student   275   Akey
mark   56   IRP   96
mark   165   AV   92
mark   210   DAPA   62
mark   172   DISS   54
student   276   Alworth
student   277   Annis
mark   79   BIO2   99
mark   32   COC   81
mark   275   ASR   73
mark   142   IRP   47
mark   242   AGTA   79
mark   72   NIP   49
mark   60   DMR   74
mark   277   IAML   79
mark   191   AGTA   95
student   278   Age
student   279   Samuel
mark   19   ES   87
mark   103   IRP   43
student   280   Deja
mark   188   INF2D   50
student   281   Barry
mark   231   ADBS   40
student   282   Amey
mark   111   IRR   57
mark   238   RTN   80
student   283   Alleyne
student   284   Antcliff
mark   73   ADS   92
mark   232   AR   44
student   285   Andry
mark   222   IRP   63
student   286   Amos
mark   88   DAPA   87
student   287   Alewine
student   288   Alcott
mark   222   AR   85
student   289   Joyce
mark   205   IAML   55
student   290   Arington
student   291   Alfrey
mark   151   ADBS   73
mark   110   IRP   75
mark   10   AR   97
student   292   Liam
mark   148   HCI   41
mark   256   TDD   99
student   293   Ally
student   294   Judith
student   295   Arendale
student   296   Kali
student   297   Kaitlynn
student   298   Agers
student   299   Aiton
mark   165   ASR   98
student   300   Kian
student   301   Acy
mark   147   PM   55
mark   127   PPLS   73
student   302   Kaitlynn
mark   128   PM   91
student   303   Aldis
mark   226   NIP   92
student   304   Ammon
mark   292   TTS   49
mark   11   AV   81
mark   251   COPT   49
mark   149   COC   95
student   305   Angley
student   306   Dylan
mark   179   PPLS   75
mark   281   COPT   52
student   307   Brandan
mark   171   IAML   57
student   308   Deanna
mark   12   DAPA   78
student   309   Ament
mark   202   DISS   60
student   310   Dania
mark   175   CT   94
student   311   Joseph
student   312   Amber
mark   296   INF2D   87
mark   239   RTN   56
mark   35   IJP   96
mark   282   HCI   71
student   313   Aldred
mark   248   ADBS   64
student   314   Jonathan
mark   176   INF2D   69
mark   129   ES   45
student   315   Adcox
student   316   Addington
student   317   Arden
student   318   Amerson
mark   220   DISS   90
mark   311   HCI   94
student   319   Allmand
student   320   Harvey
student   321   Allam
mark   247   INF1-CG   53
mark   10   AGTA   92
mark   106   ANLP   98
mark   25   AR   43
mark   309   DISS   96
student   322   Ambler
mark   104   EXC   84
student   323   Lewis
student   324   Joshua
student   325   Alcock
student   326   Appleby
student   327   Annear
student   328   Ellis
mark   180   BIO1   41
student   329   Kai
mark   71   ABS   84
mark   220   TTS   74
mark   235   RTN   52
student   330   Alligood
student   331   Bradley
mark   248   INF2D   88
student   332   Deasia
student   333   Dayana
student   334   Allport
student   335   Allan
student   336   Allread
student   337   Abbs
student   338   Jay
student   339   Abramson
student   340   Mohammad
mark   193   ADS   83
mark   32   DMR   85
student   341   Reece
mark   56   SLIP   79
mark   10   ADBS   55
mark   36   TTS   72
student   342   Arendale
student   343   Albro
student   344   Liam
student   345   Juliet
mark   259   EXC   40
student   346   Kamryn
mark   65   INF2D   72
mark   131   ASR   46
mark   261   CCN   74
student   347   Alliston
student   348   Kyle
mark   209   INF2D   86
mark   338   NIP   52
student   349   Andrus
mark   284   RTN   84
student   350   Finley
student   351   Albin
student   352   Joshua
student   353   Applin
mark   30   INF2D   86
mark   144   DAPA   65
mark   209   CCN   52
student   354   Matthew
student   355   Adey
mark   354   DAPA   75
mark   190   CT   61
mark   21   AV   90
mark   152   AGTA   60
mark   235   ANLP   55
student   356   Allday
student   357   Allison
mark   110   IRR   71
student   358   Alcott
student   359   Angwin
mark   336   IJP   47
mark   353   IJP   44
mark   70   PPLS   91
student   360   Agers
mark   308   INF1-CG   59
mark   138   COPT   46
student   361   Apps
student   362   Kaley
student   363   Delaney
mark   341   PPLS   62
student   364   Acton
mark   102   DAPA   94
student   365   Alsop
mark   225   ADS   68
student   366   Acton
mark   351   DISS   94
student   367   Abrams
student   368   Kaela
mark   291   COPT   57
student   369   Allee
mark   188   AV   59
mark   14   ABS   45
mark   138   INF1-CG   63
mark   247   IJP   51
mark   34   TDD   62
mark   352   NIP   75
student   370   Anger
student   371   Ager
mark   179   IJP   50
student   372   Andrews
student   373   Andros
student   374   Appleberry
student   375   Archdeacon
mark   106   INF2D   50
mark   162   INF2D   82
mark   260   BIO2   96
student   376   Leon
mark   362   TDD   82
mark   220   DMR   66
student   377   Corinne
student   378   Ackers
student   379   Allsup
mark   127   DAPA   72
mark   208   HCI   61
student   380   Leo
student   381   Akin
student   382   Addams
mark   362   BIO2   100
mark   360   TDD   69
mark   359   ABS   44
student   383   Aldrich
student   384   Basil
mark   267   COC   95
student   385   Braden
mark   139   AGTA   75
student   386   Abbitt
mark   101   COPT   71
mark   72   SLIP   41
student   387   Anstey
mark   312   AV   47
student   388   Anstead
student   389   Aney
student   390   Alfred
mark   186   COPT   83
student   391   Dasia
student   392   Acors
mark   380   TTS   77
mark   311   TTS   62
student   393   Leon
mark   192   PM   72
student   394   Agar
student   395   Arlington
student   396   Amason
mark   35   BIO1   82
student   397   Isaac
student   398   Ady
mark   143   TTS   65
mark   53   INF1-CG   86
student   399   Addis
mark   200   TTS   100
student   400   Andrew
student   401   Algood
student   402   Cristina
mark   126   EXC   59
student   403   Kaiya
mark   243   INF1-CG   72
mark   21   NIP   80
student   404   Able
student   405   Annable
student   406   Finley
student   407   Tyler
student   408   Barrett
student   409   Appling
mark   145   CT   57
mark   259   NIP   87
student   410   Liam
student   411   Joshua
mark   396   IAML   58
student   412   Appleyard
student   413   Andros
mark   374   AV   63
student   414   Anable
student   415   Deasia
student   416   Afton
mark   98   DISS   54
mark   147   DAPA   85
student   417   Danielle
student   418   Abbett
mark   19   ADS   80
mark   193   INF2D   98
student   419   Finlay
mark   171   BIO1   40
mark   231   AGTA   92
student   420   Taylor
mark   387   BIO2   93
mark   42   AV   71
student   421   Akers
mark   311   IAML   98
student   422   Acuff
student   423   Alvey
mark   37   DISS   48
student   424   Agate
student   425   Allie
mark   114   COPT   44
student   426   Annas
mark   87   ANLP   68
student   427   Baird
student   428   Sean
student   429   Arden
student   430   Bevis
student   431   Acock
student   432   Harvey
mark   82   NIP   69
student   433   Arbon
student   434   Albany
student   435   Abney
student   436   Ammon
mark   318   RTN   41
mark   92   COPT   91
mark   332   ANLP   44
mark   120   BIO1   65
mark   85   ANLP   97
mark   303   ASR   68
student   437   Applewhite
student   438   Akey
mark   282   COPT   45
mark   170   PPLS   64
mark   155   HCI   41
mark   105   AV   85
mark   29   NIP   63
mark   407   TDD   98
mark   344   ES   54
student   439   Andros
mark   426   IRR   61
student   440   Akerley
student   441   Ackerman
student   442   Ackerman
student   443   Ansted
student   444   Allender
student   445   Alridge
student   446   Courtney
mark   313   IRP   79
mark   297   IRP   82
mark   3   AV   75
student   447   Arber
student   448   Apple
student   449   Adkins
student   450   Leo
mark   131   COC   75
mark   303   BIO2   77
student   451   Sam
mark   398   COC   86
student   452   Damaris
student   453   Addison
student   454   Abbe
student   455   Angwin
student   456   Ackers
student   457   Aley
mark   157   HCI   64
mark   200   IJP   99
mark   225   DISS   84
student   458   Akerley
student   459   Antell
student   460   Amor
student   461   Alltop
student   462   Leon
mark   214   BIO2   81
mark   241   INF2D   51
mark   295   IRR   93
mark   197   ADBS   57
student   463   Deanna
student   464   Albert
student   465   Ake
mark   326   ADBS   61
student   466   Ellis
student   467   Ancell
mark   180   DMR   44
student   468   Ryan
student   469   Alcott
mark   281   HCI   95
mark   272   PM   78
mark   401   INF2D   91
student   470   Aldous
mark   151   TTS   64
mark   420   PM   100
student   471   Adey
student   472   Appleberry
student   473   Appling
student   474   Finlay
mark   273   AV   90
student   475   Alden
mark   246   ABS   66
student   476   Applewhite
mark   258   ANLP   75
student   477   Brandan
mark   232   DMR   57
mark   260   ES   87
student   478   Acey
student   479   Allen
mark   426   TTS   66
student   480   Amason
student   481   Alworth
student   482   Abbs
mark   431   PPLS   50
mark   75   IAML   61
mark   248   TDD   73
mark   161   EXC   42
mark   180   TDD   95
mark   160   INF2D   75
student   483   Alwood
mark   481   INF1-CG   74
mark   308   COC   64
student   484   Aduddell
mark   232   IJP   55
mark   6   INF1-CG   77
student   485   Alwin
mark   273   AGTA   78
student   486   Agate
student   487   Alston
mark   227   CCN   44
mark   258   NIP   79
mark   99   TDD   63
student   488   Allsbrook
student   489   Appley
student   490   Albin
student   491   Acker
student   492   Alderman
mark   428   DAPA   52
student   493   Antell
student   494   Ethan
student   495   Ryan
mark   131   ANLP   74
mark   488   ASR   55
mark   416   INF1-CG   94
mark   374   IAML   60
student   496   Corinne
student   497   Alsobrook
student   498   Julianna
mark   203   AV   53
student   499   Ailey
mark   177   BIO2   60
student   500   Abrahams
student   501   Argent
student   502   Annear
student   503   Amesbury
mark   222   PM   89
mark   442   BIO1   80
mark   116   CT   52
student   504   Allsup
mark   223   COC   99
student   505   Elliot
mark   202   EXC   53
mark   148   NIP   64
student   506   Dana
student   507   Appleberry
student   508   Anne
student   509   Claudia
mark   310   SLIP   51
student   510   Ackerly
student   511   Anable
mark   450   ADS   89
student   512   Ammon
mark   254   AV   66
student   513   Alcock
student   514   Alltop
student   515   Archer
mark   353   ASR   75
student   516   Lewis
mark   273   AR   99
student   517   Anguish
student   518   Alvey
student   519   Aldrich
student   520   Allison
student   521   Cora
mark   17   TDD   76
mark   85   TDD   54
student   522   Leo
mark   440   INF1-CG   95
student   523   Allyn
student   524   Blair
mark   35   DISS   43
student   525   Amor
student   526   Kamryn
mark   393   TTS   74
mark   46   TDD   42
mark   182   HCI   85
mark   199   DMR   63
mark   191   TTS   55
student   527   Kyle
mark   350   ABS   42
mark   504   IJP   98
student   528   Appleberry
student   529   Ansell
mark   337   DAPA   88
student   530   Antrobus
student   531   Jamie
mark   141   ANLP   100
mark   2   EXC   94
mark   450   ES   40
mark   18   DAPA   97
student   532   Allender
student   533   Angley
mark   411   AR   77
student   534   Adrian
mark   508   IRR   98
mark   378   BIO2   51
mark   372   AR   59
student   535   Acton
student   536   Jonathan
student   537   Ethan
student   538   Addicott
student   539   Thomas
student   540   Ambrose
mark   64   INF1-CG   87
mark   449   NIP   98
student   541   Albright
mark   127   BIO2   100
mark   352   EXC   78
student   542   Baird
student   543   Alsip
mark   210   RTN   68
mark   204   ABS   66
mark   342   IRR   40
mark   85   INF2D   70
student   544   Tyler
mark   10   IJP   68
student   545   Andrews
mark   145   ADS   43
mark   178   TTS   46
mark   450   INF2D   87
student   546   Allen
student   547   Dasia
mark   334   DISS   90
mark   196   AGTA   94
mark   236   IJP   58
mark   363   INF1-CG   69
mark   303   PM   57
mark   278   HCI   73
student   548   Braden
student   549   Allam
mark   494   AR   43
mark   159   AGTA   92
student   550   Addison
student   551   Ryan
student   552   Braden
mark   487   ABS   66
mark   517   NIP   99
student   553   Bernard
mark   527   TDD   99
mark   12   ABS   83
student   554   Angley
mark   222   NIP   81
mark   525   BIO1   97
student   555   Samuel
student   556   Acre
student   557   Abbe
student   558   Elliot
student   559   Joe
student   560   Daisy
mark   1   RTN   67
mark   280   IRR   84
student   561   John
mark   136   IJP   75
student   562   Addis
mark   168   AGTA   58
mark   259   COPT   77
student   563   Alling
mark   29   INF2D   62
student   564   Ainsworth
student   565   Harvey
student   566   Applebee
mark   119   PM   72
student   567   Arling
student   568   Allred
student   569   Aliff
student   570   Basil
mark   126   TTS   65
student   571   Alcock
mark   56   ASR   47
mark   555   IJP   40
mark   145   HCI   74
student   572   Allday
mark   305   BIO2   65
mark   438   ES   45
mark   343   IRR   42
mark   51   COPT   85
student   573   Abbot
student   574   Louis
mark   478   RTN   93
student   575   Angley
mark   40   IJP   43
student   576   Acuff
student   577   Annis
student   578   Kyle
student   579   Anstead
mark   186   BIO1   85
mark   76   ASR   62
mark   568   DMR   59
mark   130   DISS   79
student   580   Finley
student   581   Cynthia
student   582   Allard
student   583   Kacie
student   584   Arendale
mark   578   EXC   87
mark   123   DISS   54
student   585   Andrus
student   586   Appleberry
student   587   Finley
mark   82   CCN   92
student   588   Anthony
student   589   Barclay
mark   516   CCN   95
mark   146   ES   88
mark   172   EXC   57
mark   576   AR   76
mark   352   AGTA   75
student   590   Afton
student   591   Almond
student   592   Dominic
mark   543   SLIP   89
student   593   Damaris
student   594   Barry
student   595   Allford
student   596   Dakota
student   597   Ainslie
mark   547   ADS   58
mark   278   INF2D   51
mark   402   EXC   88
mark   527   AGTA   44
mark   290   HCI   54
mark   433   DAPA   49
student   598   Kailey
student   599   Barclay
mark   327   IRP   70
student   600   Antley
student   601   Allard
student   602   Logan
student   603   Cora
mark   270   RTN   91
student   604   Ackerley
student   605   Basil
student   606   Anchors
student   607   Anderson
mark   509   SLIP   84
student   608   Amis
mark   495   TDD   54
mark   378   PM   77
student   609   Alvin
mark   124   INF1-CG   80
student   610   Allenson
mark   611   ES   51
mark   258   IJP   87
mark   180   TTS   50
mark   450   IAML   94
mark   485   SLIP   74
mark   451   DISS   67
student   611   Kaila
mark   406   AGTA   70
mark   587   IAML   57
student   612   Jacob
student   613   Denise
student   614   Appley
mark   98   TTS   97
student   615   Alvis
student   616   Allman
mark   324   IJP   83
mark   509   DMR   97
mark   13   TTS   84
mark   435   AGTA   88
student   617   Arendale
student   618   Daphne
student   619   William
student   620   Andros
student   621   Allston
mark   612   COC   95
student   622   Lewis
mark   338   HCI   61
mark   529   COC   62
mark   231   AR   40
mark   424   DMR   86
mark   544   CCN   47
student   623   Barnaby
student   624   Allums
student   625   Damaris
student   626   Kaelyn
student   627   Acklin
student   628   Samuel
student   629   Alward
mark   30   TDD   56
mark   630   IJP   96
student   630   Daisy
mark   162   AR   65
student   631   Adgate
mark   616   SLIP   79
mark   195   AV   70
student   632   Anselm
student   633   Joseph
mark   303   HCI   46
mark   452   AGTA   74
mark   328   IAML   61
mark   270   ADS   58
mark   102   RTN   88
mark   527   COPT   60
student   634   Abbs
student   635   Benedict
mark   230   AR   69
mark   50   AGTA   66
student   636   Alvord
student   637   Archey
mark   606   HCI   75
student   638   Ackers
mark   6   TDD   53
mark   327   DMR   85
mark   452   INF1-CG   97
mark   573   PPLS   98
student   639   Anstead
mark   65   ABS   78
student   640   Baron
mark   195   HCI   86
student   641   Angel
student   642   Delaney
mark   136   ANLP   51
student   643   Colleen
mark   168   AV   51
mark   503   TTS   77
mark   642   EXC   41
student   644   Luca
mark   507   DAPA   40
student   645   Justice
student   646   Amos
mark   466   COC   80
mark   374   SLIP   74
mark   293   TTS   65
mark   471   ASR   53
student   647   Adderly
student   648   Ager
mark   103   COC   84
student   649   Adgate
mark   649   DAPA   84
mark   396   ADBS   40
mark   306   NIP   92
student   650   Kailyn
student   651   Joel
mark   331   ES   65
mark   298   DMR   90
mark   386   PPLS   59
student   652   Adkins
mark   123   ABS   88
student   653   Kacie
mark   154   BIO2   51
student   654   Abdon
mark   434   DMR   94
mark   307   NIP   86
student   655   Arford
student   656   Reece
mark   122   ES   99
student   657   Amis
student   658   Alltop
student   659   Allport
mark   23   AR   61
mark   627   AGTA   84
mark   238   AR   40
student   660   Ady
student   661   Ammon
mark   93   AR   71
student   662   Allsopp
mark   539   COC   50
student   663   Alton
mark   251   ADS   48
student   664   Allinson
student   665   Amber
student   666   Ackerman
student   667   Antil
student   668   Ancell
student   669   Sebastian
mark   146   ASR   69
student   670   Albro
student   671   Allis
mark   400   BIO2   71
student   672   Ailstock
student   673   Cora
student   674   Abbott
mark   576   INF1-CG   42
student   675   Baird
mark   395   SLIP   89
student   676   Kaitlin
student   677   Allison
student   678   Danielle
student   679   Angwin
mark   467   ADBS   74
mark   554   ES   51
student   680   Allnutt
student   681   All
student   682   Ager
student   683   Annis
student   684   Anderson
mark   424   INF1-CG   83
student   685   Allcorn
mark   146   PPLS   44
student   686   Acomb
mark   171   DMR   73
mark   551   CT   47
student   687   Addison
mark   540   BIO1   44
mark   234   NIP   89
student   688   Almond
student   689   Addicott
student   690   Apling
student   691   Alleyne
student   692   Alsop
student   693   Akers
mark   627   TTS   100
student   694   Jordan
mark   366   AR   47
student   695   Peter
student   696   Allender
student   697   Basil
student   698   Acock
student   699   Alridge
mark   81   TDD   70
student   700   Antle
student   701   Aguillard
student   702   Jamie
mark   389   EXC   60
mark   136   CCN   48
student   703   Alsobrook
student   704   Ackerly
mark   533   ANLP   54
student   705   Allport
mark   342   ASR   60
mark   526   DAPA   71
mark   335   AV   94
mark   601   AGTA   87
student   706   Abney
student   707   Bernard
student   708   Alberts
student   709   Julianna
student   710   Apland
mark   191   RTN   56
mark   158   EXC   75
student   711   Finlay
student   712   Andros
student   713   Kalyn
mark   250   DMR   87
student   714   Arden
mark   470   DMR   100
student   715   Louis
mark   198   DMR   96
student   716   Allton
student   717   Acker
mark   27   IRP   93
mark   293   COC   46
student   718   Allender
mark   709   COC   59
student   719   Bevis
student   720   Allsup
student   721   Arkwright
student   722   Alway
student   723   Alligood
student   724   Allread
mark   611   CCN   64
mark   488   CT   79
mark   456   AGTA   78
student   725   Alleyne
mark   97   DMR   50
mark   719   ES   80
student   726   Anker
student   727   Agate
student   728   Ethan
student   729   Kalyn
mark   339   ES   58
mark   109   INF1-CG   70
student   730   Jamie
mark   479   COC   43
mark   596   IRP   45
student   731   Ally
mark   235   TTS   71
student   732   Josh
student   733   Elliot
mark   536   AR   90
student   734   Allis
student   735   Kian
student   736   Ackerly
mark   347   BIO2   59
student   737   Abby
mark   222   ADBS   47
mark   43   IAML   96
student   738   Akin
student   739   Arington
mark   300   CT   86
student   740   Joyce
mark   173   ADBS   61
student   741   Alvord
student   742   Antill
student   743   Allgood
mark   212   AR   52
student   744   Allanson
student   745   Aldrich
mark   389   INF1-CG   63
student   746   Boris
mark   395   IRR   73
student   747   Lucas
mark   578   DISS   41
mark   612   ES   82
mark   239   ANLP   93
mark   68   IJP   77
mark   665   IRP   75
mark   278   INF1-CG   97
mark   255   PPLS   85
student   748   Adey
mark   196   BIO1   87
mark   512   AV   66
mark   469   ADBS   67
mark   571   EXC   59
mark   79   BIO1   79
student   749   Allred
mark   142   ABS   58
student   750   Spencer
mark   277   DMR   51
student   751   Akin
mark   510   ABS   53
student   752   Allerton
mark   525   AV   67
student   753   Nicholas
student   754   Ansell
mark   699   AGTA   68
student   755   Adkins
mark   207   DAPA   81
mark   243   AV   62
mark   139   ANLP   74
student   756   Amerson
student   757   Angevine
student   758   Addington
student   759   Kaitlynn
mark   235   INF2D   75
mark   693   TDD   85
student   760   Ethan
student   761   Barry
mark   291   TTS   52
student   762   Amor
mark   523   COPT   91
mark   563   CCN   63
student   763   Alkins
mark   484   INF2D   67
student   764   Taylor
student   765   Arkwright
student   766   Amesbury
student   767   Akehurst
student   768   Daniella
student   769   Allison
mark   750   DAPA   41
mark   425   IJP   94
student   770   Addis
student   771   Basil
student   772   Amey
mark   117   IRR   56
mark   740   IJP   68
mark   762   BIO1   40
mark   646   COPT   58
student   773   Acre
mark   120   TDD   81
student   774   Arendall
student   775   Amerson
mark   400   IRP   84
mark   625   TTS   54
student   776   Anderton
student   777   Alderson
mark   717   AR   68
student   778   Albin
student   779   Antley
mark   107   BIO1   98
mark   538   COC   78
student   780   Acreman
student   781   Argent
mark   777   ASR   72
student   782   Alderton
student   783   Amos
student   784   Benton
mark   691   PPLS   72
mark   662   BIO1   99
mark   368   INF1-CG   87
mark   183   AGTA   58
student   785   Allman
mark   289   ASR   87
mark   6   INF2D   55
mark   446   SLIP   69
student   786   Bradley
mark   779   IAML   98
mark   661   BIO1   89
mark   300   AR   49
mark   435   ABS   65
student   787   Anselm
student   788   Arington
mark   368   IRR   45
mark   490   AGTA   85
student   789   Allam
student   790   Darlene
mark   426   AGTA   49
mark   283   PPLS   76
student   791   Alkins
mark   473   IJP   92
student   792   Abney
student   793   Allender
mark   426   ES   93
mark   736   PPLS   52
student   794   Thomas
mark   708   BIO2   56
mark   172   ASR   83
student   795   Arling
mark   253   PM   60
mark   318   IRP   66
mark   721   BIO1   76
mark   132   BIO2   66
student   796   Kaela
mark   506   SLIP   50
mark   693   INF1-CG   82
student   797   Aldis
student   798   Brandan
student   799   Kaitlyn
mark   730   IJP   52
mark   312   CCN   58
student   800   Alsbury
mark   568   EXC   58
mark   76   BIO1   100
mark   600   DMR   67
mark   308   IRP   82
mark   485   BIO2   48
mark   272   COPT   100
student   801   Thomas
student   802   Anable
student   803   Agate
mark   438   SLIP   93
student   804   Brandan
student   805   Allanson
student   806   Ailstock
mark   304   IJP   88
student   807   Juliet
student   808   Allie
mark   408   COC   43
mark   146   ABS   65
student   809   Blake
mark   413   TDD   61
student   810   Andrus
mark   598   PM   80
mark   436   ADBS   63
mark   185   RTN   40
mark   490   SLIP   98
mark   751   HCI   80
mark   596   TTS   79
student   811   Dylan
mark   200   IAML   92
mark   495   IRP   74
student   812   Kaleigh
student   813   Kieran
student   814   Acre
mark   92   IRR   62
student   815   Ainslie
student   816   Julissa
mark   609   AR   41
mark   354   BIO2   56
mark   464   CT   45
student   817   Angle
student   818   Acey
student   819   Antell
student   820   Ackroyd
student   821   Acre
student   822   Applebee
student   823   Deja
mark   560   BIO1   87
student   824   Antell
mark   698   COPT   58
mark   714   INF2D   83
mark   742   PM   48
mark   387   ES   79
mark   160   COC   91
student   825   Age
mark   444   ANLP   60
student   826   Applegate
student   827   Isaac
student   828   Anderton
student   829   Allis
student   830   Aleck
student   831   Amory
mark   298   TDD   83
mark   285   INF1-CG   96
mark   217   HCI   97
mark   515   ADS   62
student   832   Ackley
mark   508   SLIP   94
student   833   Dakota
mark   205   HCI   96
student   834   Kaila
student   835   Alborn
student   836   Appley
student   837   Cristal
student   838   Allnutt
mark   45   CT   87
mark   722   TTS   73
mark   494   CT   41
mark   131   INF2D   97
student   839   Acuff
mark   152   IRP   95
mark   13   PM   61
mark   523   IRP   51
mark   429   ADS   89
student   840   Mohammad
student   841   Ansley
student   842   Arford
student   843   Ackers
mark   553   COPT   42
student   844   Acton
student   845   Ansell
student   846   Ace
mark   694   CT   65
student   847   Adwell
student   848   Mohammad
mark   114   ADS   91
student   849   Ady
student   850   Alvey
mark   669   INF2D   66
mark   580   DMR   79
student   851   Abbs
mark   245   AGTA   45
student   852   Ackley
mark   130   IRR   100
student   853   Kaleigh
mark   29   ASR   54
student   854   Almy
mark   485   EXC   59
mark   505   INF1-CG   69
mark   528   BIO1   83
mark   147   TDD   56
student   855   Ake
mark   802   IAML   89
mark   599   DMR   76
mark   338   EXC   94
mark   189   NIP   54
student   856   Finley
student   857   Deanna
mark   218   ANLP   72
mark   469   TDD   67
mark   372   TTS   56
student   858   Anstey
student   859   Arden
mark   19   PPLS   99
student   860   Mohammad
student   861   Agate
student   862   Addison
student   863   Benedict
mark   440   TTS   54
student   864   Aduddell
mark   119   NIP   99
student   865   Alsup
mark   760   ADBS   54
student   866   Aliff
student   867   Abdon
mark   578   ASR   64
mark   45   CCN   60
mark   250   COC   40
student   868   Allred
mark   11   BIO2   99
mark   603   TDD   79
mark   39   DMR   61
student   869   Anable
mark   118   DISS   63
student   870   Louis
student   871   Ackroyd
mark   448   COC   85
student   872   Allston
student   873   Amber
mark   533   DISS   81
student   874   Ainsworth
student   875   Kyle
student   876   Liam
mark   39   ADBS   56
mark   568   COPT   85
student   877   Jordan
mark   781   AGTA   68
student   878   Baron
student   879   Alan
mark   308   DAPA   82
mark   535   AV   45
mark   734   PM   100
student   880   Argent
mark   230   ADS   77
mark   828   COC   67
mark   707   TTS   82
student   881   Addy
student   882   Apps
mark   806   PPLS   45
student   883   Joel
student   884   Julie
student   885   Arden
mark   661   DMR   60
student   886   Kyle
mark   81   PPLS   54
student   887   Daniella
mark   565   CT   49
student   888   Allee
student   889   Aborn
mark   661   TTS   61
student   890   Allday
mark   83   RTN   87
student   891   Aborn
student   892   Aliff
mark   197   COC   83
student   893   Alderson
mark   370   HCI   65
mark   568   AGTA   54
mark   788   NIP   55
mark   333   IRP   56
student   894   Ansley
student   895   Corinne
mark   595   ASR   46
mark   112   EXC   82
mark   193   ABS   74
mark   561   PPLS   50
mark   621   CCN   92
mark   678   IRP   57
student   896   Acres
mark   872   NIP   91
mark   322   ADS   49
mark   124   ANLP   68
student   897   Alligood
mark   888   TDD   67
student   898   Ailstock
student   899   Abbott
mark   810   RTN   97
student   900   Allgood
mark   724   AR   78
student   901   Danielle
student   902   Ager
student   903   Joyce
student   904   Abbs
student   905   Appleby
mark   640   EXC   47
mark   140   ABS   98
mark   701   IJP   66
mark   586   CCN   44
mark   779   ABS   62
student   906   Aldridge
student   907   Deanna
student   908   Amor
mark   481   NIP   63
student   909   Juliette
mark   255   ASR   74
mark   707   AV   54
mark   125   TTS   75
student   910   Arledge
mark   295   TTS   53
student   911   Abbs
student   912   Daphne
student   913   Julianna
student   914   Arey
student   915   Akes
student   916   Andros
mark   682   IRR   73
mark   872   DAPA   93
student   917   Kailyn
student   918   Bradley
student   919   Arledge
mark   796   IAML   65
student   920   Aliff
student   921   Appley
student   922   Louis
student   923   Anthony
mark   146   ADS   50
mark   177   HCI   97
mark   123   NIP   59
mark   595   RTN   58
student   924   Jacob
mark   46   TTS   98
student   925   Dasia
student   926   Alvin
student   927   Alleyne
mark   342   PPLS   86
student   928   Darby
student   929   Allie
student   930   Allston
student   931   Kailyn
mark   733   PPLS   79
student   932   Anstead
student   933   Kyle
mark   57   IRP   92
mark   72   AR   71
mark   341   CT   78
mark   226   ADBS   76
student   934   Alton
student   935   Amos
mark   465   ES   48
mark   507   DISS   57
mark   871   IRP   83
mark   568   ADBS   82
student   936   Abbey
student   937   Ackley
student   938   Allnutt
student   939   Apps
mark   197   NIP   57
student   940   Allgood
student   941   Akin
mark   296   INF1-CG   65
mark   711   INF2D   62
student   942   Amison
mark   484   AR   72
student   943   Abrams
student   944   Aley
mark   643   BIO1   46
mark   918   ABS   71
mark   563   BIO1   61
student   945   Kai
mark   399   CT   61
mark   796   PM   55
mark   729   PM   50
mark   799   ES   52
mark   520   INF2D   60
mark   82   TTS   78
mark   225   CCN   41
student   946   Allenson
mark   548   HCI   75
mark   157   TTS   60
student   947   Arch
student   948   Allnutt
student   949   Agers
student   950   Alger
mark   666   COPT   65
student   951   Alderson
mark   839   ES   91
mark   656   TTS   82
student   952   Alles
mark   151   COPT   63
mark   99   ES   64
student   953   Agard
mark   316   INF1-CG   64
mark   862   IJP   68
mark   888   IRP   78
mark   922   EXC   53
student   954   Blake
student   955   Arden
mark   870   TTS   55
mark   363   AGTA   86
student   956   Mohammed
mark   538   INF2D   51
student   957   Baird
student   958   Adley
student   959   Addis
mark   807   SLIP   65
mark   584   DMR   46
student   960   Ainsley
mark   723   ANLP   46
student   961   Allwood
student   962   Allerton
mark   164   INF2D   67
mark   641   ADBS   66
student   963   Allums
mark   325   AGTA   91
student   964   Nicholas
student   965   Kacie
student   966   Anctil
mark   603   PPLS   81
student   967   Allington
mark   602   IRR   96
student   968   Albury
student   969   Addams
student   970   Acors
mark   789   IJP   87
mark   817   ADS   55
student   971   Alan
mark   680   TTS   45
student   972   Arledge
mark   73   INF2D   70
student   973   Alles
student   974   Abramson
student   975   Kaleigh
mark   535   ES   100
mark   67   SLIP   51
student   976   Andry
student   977   Brandan
mark   515   BIO1   75
student   978   Daphne
mark   692   TTS   55
student   979   Acomb
mark   221   AGTA   55
student   980   Arey
student   981   Angle
student   982   Andrews
student   983   Juliana
mark   26   CCN   73
mark   961   PM   69
student   984   Ackerman
student   985   Kacie
mark   470   IAML   49
mark   155   CCN   70
student   986   Aplin
mark   442   ABS   79
student   987   Jamie
student   988   Abby
mark   930   INF1-CG   97
student   989   Alvis
mark   71   BIO1   96
student   990   Addison
mark   732   ADS   50
student   991   Archbold
student   992   Barnaby
mark   769   CT   88
mark   60   DISS   66
student   993   Deborah
mark   136   TTS   68
student   994   Bowen
mark   974   DAPA   62
student   995   Afton
student   996   Allcorn
student   997   Abby
mark   682   ADS   80
mark   120   AGTA   78
student   998   Age
student   999   Alridge
student   1000   Daniella
student   1001   Arledge
mark   997   BIO1   91
mark   791   IRP   75
student   1002   Kaley
mark   659   NIP   89
mark   751   COC   87
mark   682   SLIP   86
mark   725   TDD   86
student   1003   Courtney
student   1004   Cynthia
student   1005   Arden
student   1006   Baird
student   1007   Applin
student   1008   Apsey
mark   790   AR   60
mark   535   DMR   88
mark   315   SLIP   85
mark   467   IAML   81
student   1009   Arendall
mark   48   TDD   73
mark   497   NIP   83
student   1010   Blake
mark   595   AR   82
student   1011   Allison
student   1012   Addington
